>> Kyle Simpson: I just want to review
what we've now been talking about
over these three pillars.
We started by talking
about the type system.
And we talked about how
types exist in JavaScript,
even though it's a dynamically typed
language it still have real types.
And we have a set of
different mechanisms for
how we can convert from one type to
another type that's called coercion.
We have a specific kind of coercion
that's available to us with our equality
checking.
And we can find different use cases for
different times when we wanna use what
coercive equality checking versus
a more strict type of checking.
Both of those are entirely valid things
that we wanna do in our programs.
The second pillar that we looked at
was the scope and the closer system.
The scope and closures are really one of
the most important and powerful patterns.
It underlines things like the module
pattern which is much more
a complex topic than we have time
to get into in this workshop, but
it's covered in these books and I strongly
recommend once you go from here that
you go dive in, understand closure more
and then learn about the module pattern.
And finally the third unit that we've just
talked about, as the this keyword and
the prototype system.
And together the this keyword and
the prototype system enable us to do
classes using that new class keyword.
Those really, that's the map,
that really is the like landscape of
the fundamental core principles
that you need for JavaScript.
And though we've gone through them in
just a brief period of time here in this
course, I don't want you to take away
is well, I'm done and I can move on.
No, these are so much more rich of
a topic that you need to spend so
many more hours and weeks and
months even digging into.
And there is no substitute for
you actually practicing this stuff.
You can't just listen
to me talking about it.
You've got to do it like in the exercises
and retry these exercises, and
you've gotta also go and
try them on your own code bases.
If you don't have a code base yet
try to find an open source project
that's out there to look at it.
But as you go along that journey as you're
trying to learn more about that stuff,
I just wanna remind you that all
the topics that we talked about in this
section of the course,
all of these pillars,
those are laid out in more detail in
Chapter 2 of the Up & Going book.
And then Chapter 3, shows you where to
get more information about each of those
topics throughout the rest
of the unit on JS series.